Now that we have our actions and our reducers,
the next thing to do is basically just hook up
Redux into our application using Provider and using createStore.
So to do that, now,
we actually need to go ahead and add Redux and React Redux to our application.
So just as we would do on the web,
we're going to say, yarn add.
Let's add Redux as well as React Redux.
And then once that's finished,
go ahead and restart your app.
And then inside of our App.js file here,
let's go ahead and import a few things from those packages we just barely installed.
We will need createStore which is coming from just the Redux package,
and we will need Provider,
which is coming from React Redux.
And then let's import our reducer,
which is coming from the reducers folder that we created in the last video.
And then now, again, just as we would do on the web,
in order to hook up redux into our application,
we wrap everything inside of this Provider component.
And then what we need to do is we need to pass Provider
a store which we can get by calling createStore and passing in our reducer function.